Hi guys, in this tuto
studio and install the deep seek model
for free without internet locally as you
can see there is no internet in my PC
right okay let's
okay first thing first go here to this
website NM Studio AI and download this
program
and after installing uh this program you
can get this icon right here of this
program I didn't miss it after that
let's open it
uh now let's search for our model
okay let's search for our model deep
okay let's search for
Okay, let's choose this uh version. It's
uh the latest version of this model
using the RM studio. It's an offline uh
model. Okay. Uh go right here and choose
any model from those. Okay. For me, I
want to choose the 4K key4
model. This is a better model. Okay.
Download. And the downloading is uh
begin.
Okay. Pause the video right now and once
the downloading is finished, we continue
the work.
Uh, okay guys, as you can see the
downloading of the this Deep Seek is uh
finished. We can load the model from
here
or you can go right here and choose any
model as you want. for me this deep one
click right here and the model is
loading right now
okay fine now let's search
okay for example I want to make Facebook
okay
it's start thinking right now
okay let's close the internet and let's
see okay Let's close it. As you can see,
it works uh fine locally without
internet.
Okay, as you can see, it works fine.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this uh tutorial.